Update airgap / registry mirror docs (#772)
rancher/rke2: docs/install/airgap.md

1. Add all the required system images to your private registry. A list of images can be obtained from the `rke2-images.linux-amd64.txt` file, or you may `docker load` the airgap image tarball referenced above, then tag and push the loaded images.
2. Add the registry's CA cert to the containerd registry configuration, oroperating system's trusted certs for releases prior to v1.20.
3. [Install RKE2](#install-rke2) using the `system-default-registry` parameter.

## Install RKE2
These steps should only be performed after completing one of either the [Tarball Method](#tarball-method) or [Private Registry Method](#private-registry-method).

1. Obtain the rke2 binary file `rke2.linux-amd64`.
2. Ensure the binary is named `rke2` and place it in `/usr/local/bin`. Ensure it is executable.
3. Run the binary with the desired parameters. For example, if using the Private Registry Method, your config file would have the following:
```yaml
system-default-registry: "registry.example.com:5000"
```

> **Note:** The `system-default-registry` parameter must specify only valid RFC 3986 URI authorities, ie a host and optional port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The `system-default-registry` parameter must specify only valid RFC 3986 URI authorities, i.e. a host and optional port.
```
